README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/akveo/ngx-admin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/akveo/ngx-admin)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ng2-admin/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/ng2-admin/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/akveo/ngx-admin/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/akveo/ng2-admin)

[Who uses ngx-admin?](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin/issues/1645)| [Documentation](https://akveo.github.io/ngx-admin/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes) | [Installation Guidelines](https://akveo.github.io/ngx-admin/docs/getting-started/what-is-ngxadmin?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes)

# Admin template based on Angular 7+, Bootstrap 4 and <a href="https://github.com/akveo/nebular">Nebular</a>
<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?theme=corporate&utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=main_pic"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/OIL7rt8.png"/></a>


### With 3 stunning visual themes

#### Cosmic
<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?theme=cosmic&utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/tvAJJhW.png"/></a>

#### Corporate
<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?theme=corporate&utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/wbEtUX4.jpg"/></a>

#### Light

<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?theme=default&utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/cb9U34M.jpg"/></a>

### What's included:

- Angular 7+ & Typescript
- Bootstrap 4+ & SCSS
- Responsive layout
- RTL support
- High resolution
- Flexibly configurable themes with **hot-reload** (3 themes included)
- Authentication module with multiple providers
- 40+ Angular Components
- 60+ Usage Examples

### Hot Themes Reload

<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=demo"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/XoJtfvK.gif"/></a>

### Demo

<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/">Live Demo</a>

## Documentation
This template is using [Nebular](https://github.com/akveo/nebular) modules set, [here you can find documentation and other useful articles](https://akveo.github.io/nebular/docs/guides/install-based-on-starter-kit).

### Empty starter kit
Don't need all the pages and modules and just looking for an empty starter kit for your next project? Check out our [starter-kit branch](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin/tree/starter-kit).

### AngularJS 1.x version
Here you can find AngularJS 1.x based version: [Blur Admin](http://akveo.github.io/blur-admin/)

## BrowserStack
This project runs its tests on multiple desktop and mobile browsers using [BrowserStack](http://www.browserstack.com).

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/131406/22254249/534d889e-e254-11e6-8427-a759fb23b7bd.png" height="40" />

## More from Akveo

- [Eva Icons](https://github.com/akveo/eva-icons) - 480+ beautiful Open Source icons
- [Nebular](https://github.com/akveo/nebular) - Angular Components, Auth and Security

### How can I support developers?
- Star our GitHub repo :star:
- Create pull requests, submit bugs, suggest new features or documentation updates :wrench:
- Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/akveo_inc) :feet:
- Like our page on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/akveo/) :thumbsup:

### Looking for engineering services? 
Visit [our homepage](http://akveo.com/) or simply leave us a message to [contact@akveo.com](mailto:contact@akveo.com). We will be happy to work with you!

### From Developers
Made with :heart: by [Akveo team](http://akveo.com/). Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/akveo_inc) to get the latest news first!
We're always happy to receive your feedback!

Commit message:

docs: add link to store in readme (#2046)

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/akveo/ngx-admin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/akveo/ngx-admin)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ng2-admin/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/ng2-admin/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/akveo/ngx-admin/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/akveo/ng2-admin)

[Who uses ngx-admin?](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin/issues/1645)| [Documentation](https://akveo.github.io/ngx-admin/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes) | [Installation Guidelines](https://akveo.github.io/ngx-admin/docs/getting-started/what-is-ngxadmin?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes)

# Admin template based on Angular 7+, Bootstrap 4 and <a href="https://github.com/akveo/nebular">Nebular</a>
<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?theme=corporate&utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=main_pic"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/OIL7rt8.png"/></a>

### Backend Integration Bundles
Easy way to integrate ngx-admin with .NET, Node.js, Java or PHP. [Checkout our Store](https://store.akveo.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme) for ready to use Backend Bundles.


### With 3 stunning visual themes

#### Cosmic
<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?theme=cosmic&utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/tvAJJhW.png"/></a>

#### Corporate
<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?theme=corporate&utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/wbEtUX4.jpg"/></a>

#### Light

<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?theme=default&utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=themes"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/cb9U34M.jpg"/></a>

### What's included:

- Angular 7+ & Typescript
- Bootstrap 4+ & SCSS
- Responsive layout
- RTL support
- High resolution
- Flexibly configurable themes with **hot-reload** (3 themes included)
- Authentication module with multiple providers
- 40+ Angular Components
- 60+ Usage Examples

### Hot Themes Reload

<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/pages/dashboard?utm_source=github&utm_medium=ngx_admin_readme&utm_campaign=demo"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/XoJtfvK.gif"/></a>

### Demo

<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/">Live Demo</a>

## Documentation
This template is using [Nebular](https://github.com/akveo/nebular) modules set, [here you can find documentation and other useful articles](https://akveo.github.io/nebular/docs/guides/install-based-on-starter-kit).

### Empty starter kit
Don't need all the pages and modules and just looking for an empty starter kit for your next project? Check out our [starter-kit branch](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin/tree/starter-kit).

### AngularJS 1.x version
Here you can find AngularJS 1.x based version: [Blur Admin](http://akveo.github.io/blur-admin/)

## BrowserStack
This project runs its tests on multiple desktop and mobile browsers using [BrowserStack](http://www.browserstack.com).

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/131406/22254249/534d889e-e254-11e6-8427-a759fb23b7bd.png" height="40" />

## More from Akveo

- [Eva Icons](https://github.com/akveo/eva-icons) - 480+ beautiful Open Source icons
- [Nebular](https://github.com/akveo/nebular) - Angular Components, Auth and Security

### How can I support developers?
- Star our GitHub repo :star:
- Create pull requests, submit bugs, suggest new features or documentation updates :wrench:
- Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/akveo_inc) :feet:
- Like our page on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/akveo/) :thumbsup:

### Looking for engineering services? 
Visit [our homepage](http://akveo.com/) or simply leave us a message to [contact@akveo.com](mailto:contact@akveo.com). We will be happy to work with you!

### From Developers
Made with :heart: by [Akveo team](http://akveo.com/). Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/akveo_inc) to get the latest news first!
We're always happy to receive your feedback!
